Riley O’Shea:
I was able to learn quite a bit from the project setup and sprint 0, I was able to learn more on how to create and 
format issues in github and create projects. I ran into some issues when it came to adding the “app” host to the 
django application but once I passed that getting the css and html sheets to work together was very smooth. Overall, 
I learned quite a bit about creating test cases, github use, and deploying a django application.



Avalee Cruz:
My main takeaway from this initial project setup was the troubleshooting aspect, attempting to get the initial project 
to run with DevEdu. During class, I had done the initial project setup by creating the Django project, home application, 
and the template and stylesheet for the home page. When trying to run the app, I ran into issues revolving around allowed 
hosts and loading the page which I attempted to fix by myself. However, once I explained the issue to my teammates, 
Gabe had already run into the issue and told me where to add my host. While the initial struggle is important to experience, 
communication eventually led to the solution. Additionally, it was good to experience how errors were displayed when running 
the app so that solutions would be easier to find in the future.


Gabe Williams:
Through sprints 0-3, I focused on designing some of the landing page for our application. This was super insightful for my 
introduction to using Bootstrap for web development. I had really only used vanilla HTML for designing crappy looking pages, 
this being one of the first times I created something that didn't look like a 6-year-old made it. This implementation of Bootstrap 
made it easy to create something that looks nice and is responsive. There is definitely a lot to learn from using Bootstrap, 
though, so I will need to work more with it to memorize some of the names and specific styles. 



Jonah Gallagher:
From working on Sprint 03, I learned a great deal about how integrating HTML with Bootstrap helps create a modular and efficient 
front-end setup. While adding a user button, I explored how Bootstrap’s classes can be applied to build and customize seamless 
navigation menus. Overall, this section helped me better understand front-end integration using HTML and Bootstrap.
